: Right smart bird you got there, Mr. Potter. He arrived here just five minutes before yourself.
A car crash? A car crash kill James and Lily Potter?
A century, according to McGonagall.
A month? But, Hermione, if Malfoy is the Heir of Slytherin, he could attack half the Muggle-borns in the school by then.
Absolutely not.  Besides, I'm just a waste of space.  Isn't that right, Vernon?
Actually, there is something you can do, Dobby.
Again, some wounds run too deep to be healed, Harry. Severus and Sirius never liked each other at school. This has never changed.
Ah yes, the time is close now. Harry! At last! Step aside Wormtail so I can give our guest a proper greeting!
Ah yes.  Introductions.  Harry, this is an old friend and colleague of mine, Horace Slughorn.  Horace, this is, well, you know who this is. Apparently there's some thought he may be the Chosen One.
Ah, I'm afraid there are ways in which he can return. Harry, do you know why Professor Quirrell couldn't bear to have you touch him?  It was because of your mother. She sacrificed herself for you, and that kind of act leaves a mark.  No, no, this kind of mark cannot be seen. It lives in your very skin.
Ah, Potter. Sit down.
Ah, right you are, Harry. No post on Sunday. Ha! No blasted letters today. No, sir. Not one single bloody letter, not one.  No, sir, not one blasted, miserable-
Ahh! Harry!
Albus Severus Potter. You were named after two Headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin. And he was probably the bravest man I ever knew.
All right there, Ron?
All right.  Cormac.  Ron.  It's down to you two for Keeper.  We'll decide it with a shootout. Demelza, you'll bring the Quaffle up against Cormac.  Ginny, you'll take on Ron.
All right. Hermione?
All students must be equipped with...one standard size two pewter cauldron and may bring if they desire either an owl, a cat or a toad. Could we find all this in London?
An excellent question, Harry. The answer lies in the prophesy.
An excellent suggestion, Professor Snape! Ah… Let's have a volunteer pair! Um, Potter, Weasley, how about you?
And did you see Cho, Harry?
And Harry, you'll go with Malfoy.
And Hermione said we should be nice to Kreacher!
And in Madam Lestrange's vault as well?
and Mr Potter tied for first position they will be the first to enter the maze. Followed by Mr Krum...
And Mrs. Norris? I'm pretty sure she didn't have a camera or a mirror, Harry.
And not to mention, they're dead scared that Harry'll Petrify them if they fly anywhere near him.
And now, Mr. Weasley, if you would, have an owl deliver these release papers to Azkaban? I believe we- we want our gamekeeper back. Harry… first, I want to thank you, Harry. You must have shown me real loyalty down in the Chamber. Nothing but that could have called Fawkes to you. And, um… second, I sense that something is troubling you. Am I right, Harry?
And that was quite right, Harry! You're much to young--
And they found it. Tom Riddle's diary is gone.
Another year, gone! And now, as I understand it, the house cup needs awarded and the points stand thus. In fourth place: Gryffindor, with 312 points!  In third place: Hufflepuff, with 352 points!  Second: Ravenclaw, with 426 points!  And in first place, with 472 points: Slytherin house!  Yes, well done Slytherin, well done Slytherin. However, recent events must be taken into account and I have a few last minute points to award.  First, to Miss Hermione Granger, for the cool use of intellect while others were in grave peril: fifty points!  Second, to Mr Ronald Weasley, for the best played game of chess that Hogwarts has seen these many years: fifty points!  And third, to mister Harry Potter, for pure love and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house: sixty points!
Anyone who aspires to be anyone hopes to end up here.  Then again... you are already someone aren't you, Harry?
Are you all right, Harry?
Are you alright Potter?
Are you alright, Mr. Weasley?
Are you going to kill me, Harry?
Are you sure that's a real spell? Well, it's not very good, is it? Of course I've only tried a few simple spells myself, and they've all worked for me. For example...  Oculus Reparo.  That's better, isn't it? Holy Cricket, you're Harry Potter. I'm Hermione Granger...and you are...?
Are you sure you can't? Hagrid said it was important.
Aren't you the one who keeps telling everyone it's their first duty to help Harry?
Around his neck.  Like an amulet. I didn't think much of it at the time.  You know Luna -- she's always got some mad thing or the other she's carrying around.  I just figured it ran in the family.
Arthur!  You know you're being tracked, don't you?
As inspiring as I find your bloodlust, Bellatrix, I must be the one to kill Harry Potter.  But I face an unfortunate complication.  It has recently come to my attention that my wand and Potter's share the same core. They are, in some ways, twins.  We can wound but not fatally harm one another.  Which means, if I am to kill him... I will have to do it with another's wand.
As Minister for Magic, it is my duty to inform you, Mr. Potter... that earlier this evening your uncle's sister was located... a little south of Sheffield, circling a chimney stack. The Accidental Magic Reversal Department was dispatched immediately. She has been properly punctured and her memory modified. She will have no recollection of the incident whatsoever. So that's that... and no harm done.
As usual, you have all the subtlety of a stone wall, Potter.
Astonishing what a few drops of your blood will do eh Harry? Pick up your wand Potter. I said pick it up, get up. Get up! You've been taught how to duel I presume yes? First we bow to each other. Come on now Harry the niceties must be observed, Dumbledore would not want you to forget your manners now would he? I said bow!
At least Hagrid didn't get fired.
At least you would be away from here. Harry Potter must go home! Dobby thought his Bludger would be enough to make Harry Potter see that---
At times I forget how much you've grown.  At times I still see the small boy from the cupboard. Forgive my mawkishness, Harry.  I am an old man.
Atta boy Harry, your parents would be proud. Especially your filthy mongrel mother. I'm going to kill you Harry Potter, I'm going to destroy you. After tonight no one will ever again question my powers. After tonight if they speak of you they'll speak only of how you begged for death, and I being a merciful lord obliged. Get up.
Back again, Harry?  I see that you, like so many before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised. I trust by now you realize what it does. Let me give you a clue. The happiest man on earth would look into the mirror and see only himself, exactly as he is.
Bartimus! Not trying to lure Potter into one of the ministry's summer internships are we? Last boy who went into the department of ministries never came out!
Bear in mind, Potter, that channels of communication in and out of Hogwarts are being watched, won't you?
Because I am much older, much cleverer... and much less valuable. Your good health, Harry.
Because no one did look it in the eye. Not directly, at least. Colin saw it through his camera. Justin…Justin must have seen the basilisk through Nearly Headless Nick. Nick got the full blast of it- but he's a ghost- he couldn't die again. And Hermione…had the mirror. I bet you anything she was using it to look around corners, in case it came along.
Because of her.  Because she sacrificed herself.  Because she refused to step aside.  Because her love was more powerful than Voldemort.
Before, down by the lake, when I was with Sirius... I did see someone. That someone made the dementors go away.
Bellatrix. You knew it was me. But you didn't say anything.
Best not mention this to anyone, Harry.
Bet you loved that, Potter! Saved Weasley's neck, didn't you?
Better not, Dobby. School is pretty intense right now. We'll do it ina few months, before the holidays.
Blimey Harry, you slayed dragons. If you can't get a date who can?
Blimey! Harry's got himself a rogue Bludger! That's been tampered with, that has!
Blimey, Hermione!
Bloody hell, Harry. That was not funny.
Bow to death, Harry...
Break out your Invisibility Cloak, Harry.
Breathe!  C'mon, Ron, don't be a prat.  Breathe!  BREATHE!
But Hagrid, we're not allowed to do magic away from Hogwarts. You know that.
But Harry isn't going to keep it. He's going to turn it over to Professor McGonagall. Aren't you?
But Harry's never traveled by Floo powder before, Mum.
But hasn't it helped so far? I mean, it saved Mr. Weasley's life, didn't it?
But he's weak. He's living off the unicorns. Don't you see? We had it wrong! Snape doesn't want the Stone for himself
But it means something to him too, Hermione.  You-Know-Who nearly died there.  Wouldn't that be just the kind of place he'd hide a Horcrux?
But Snape stopped giving me lessons.
But what about Potter? He was the
But why am I famous, Hagrid? All those people back there, how is it they know who I am?
But, Hagrid, how am I to pay for all this? I haven't any money.
But, Hagrid, whatever Fluffy's guarding, Snape's trying to steal it.
But-but that day, during the Quidditch match, Snape tried to kill me.
Can't tell you, Harry. It's Hogwarts business. Very secret.
Castle to E-4! Smash! Ron: Pawn to C-3! Smash! Boom! The Queen turns, and smashes a piece! Harry, Ron and Hermione wince. The Queen turns again. Both Ron and Harry study the game.
Certain? No. Little is certain in this world, Harry. Call it an educated guess.
Champions, in a circle around me. Miss Delacour over here, Mr Krum, and Potter over here. Right. Miss Delacour, if you will...
Clear your mind, Potter. Abandon
Clearly, Hermione knows. Since it's a pity not to ask her.
Clever, Harry.
C'mon, Harry.  We've got a game to win.
C'mon, Ron...
Come back here, Potter!
Come now, Harry the Ministry doesn't send people to Azkaban... for blowing up their aunts. On the other hand, running away like that, given the state of things... was very, very irresponsible.
Come now, Potter, I really don't think that private matters between the Minister and myself are any concern of yours.
Come on Harry. They're seriously misunderstood creatures.
Come on! They break into a run. A dementor drifts into the alleyway in front of them. Skidding to a stop, Harry turns around, to find the other dementor cutting off the way back.
Come on, Harry!
Come on, Harry!
Come on, Harry! Hurry up!
Come on, Harry.
Come on, Potter! Keep moving!
Come on. Ron.
Come on. We should be at Hagrid's.
Come out, come out, Potter...
Come, Daddy.  Harry doesn't want to talk to us right now.  He's just too nice to say so.
Congratulations Potter, fine achievement. Well done boy. I'm sorry we haven't spoken, after all your story is one I've heard many times. Quite remarkable. Tragic of course, to lose one's family. Never whole again are we? Still, life goes on. And here we stand. I'm sure your parents would be very proud today Potter.
Could you tell us what it is, Hagrid, please?
Curiosity's not a sin Harry, but you should exercise caution. It's a pensieve, useful if like me you find your mind a wee bit stretched. It allows me to see what small things I've already seen. You see Harry I've searched and searched for something, some small detail. Something I might have overlooked, something that would explain why these terrible things have happened. Every time I get close to an answer it slips away, it's maddedning.
Dead boring.  Though I think Harry enjoyed dessert.
Dead. Did you actually expect you could just walk up to Ol' Sluggy and ask him to reveal his deepest, darkest secret?  Honestly, Harry, sometimes I think the Daily Prophet should call you the Dim One.
dialog
Did Voldemort ever make the shelf, sir?
Did you hear about Hermione?
Did you not hear me! Harry Potter is dead! From this day forward, you put your faith in me or suffer the consequences. HARRY POTTER Is
Did you say the same to Tom Riddle, sir?  When he came asking questions.
Didn't make any difference? Harry it made all the difference in the world. You have uncovered the truth. You saved an innocent man from a terrible fate. It made a great deal of difference. If I am proud of anything... it is of how much you have learned this year. Now, since I am no longer your teacher... I feel no guilt whatsoever about giving this back to you. So now I'll say goodbye, Harry. I feel sure we'll meet again sometime. Until then... mischief managed.
Didn't mummy ever tell you it's bad manners to eavesdrop, Potter? Petrificus Totalus!
Do as I say, Harry.
Do it, Ron!  Kill it!
Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living and, above all, those who live without love.
Do nothing?? Offer him up as bait? Potter is a boy not a piece of meat.
Do you mean to say...that that thing that killed the unicorn...that was drinking its blood...that was Voldemort?
Do you mean, if Harry and I drink that stuff, we'll turn into Crabbe and Goyle?
Do you think he would've done it. Draco?
Do you want to stop Snape or not? Harry, it's you that has to go on. I know it. Not me, not Hermione, you.  Knight...to H-3.
Dobby can show you now, if you wish, Harry Potter.
Dobby cannot say, sir. Dobby only wants Harry Potter to be safe.
Dobby has come to rescue Harry Potter, of course. Dobby will always be there for Harry Potter.
Dobby has no master. Dobby is a free elf. And Dobby has come to save Harry Potter and his friends.
Dobby knows of the perfect place, Harry Potter! It is the Room of Requirement, sir. You can only use the room in times of great need. Whatever you need will be there for you, Harry Potter.
Dobby was only trying to help! Dobby saw Kreacher in Diagon Alley, which Dobby thought was curious.  And then Dobby heard Kreacher mention Harry Potter's name, which Dobby thought was very curious.  And then Dobby saw that Kreacher was talking to the thief Mundungus Fletcher, which Dobby thought was very, very --
Dobby! Dobby, put the lamp down.
Dobby! So this is your master! The family you serve is the Malfoys
Dobby! What are you doing here?
Dobby, get back here!
Dobby, I want you to take Luna and Mr. Ollivander--
Dobby, please stop!
Dobby, please, no!
Dobby, shh!
Dobby, ssh! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to offend you, or anything.
Dobby, stop it! Stop it! Stop, Dobby! Tell me, Dobby. When did this happen before? Who's doing it now?
Dobby. Dobby. No, just-- Hold on. Hold on. Look, just hold on, okay? We'll fix you. Hermione will have something. In your bag. Hermione? Hermione? What is it? Help me.
Dobby...Dobby wishes he could help Harry Potter. Dobby has heard him muttering in his sleep.
Dobby?
Dobby? What are you doing here?
Does that mean, with the Stone gone, I mean, that Voldemort can never come back?
Don't move, Potter. I'll get rid of it for you.
Don't touch it, Harry!
Don't worry about it, Dobby. But I don't think you can help me.
Don't worry, he will! He will come! Sirius.
Don't worry, Hermione, I wrote it in code. Anyway, I figured I need to tell someone about Umbridge. My scar hurt again last night in detention.
Don't worry. Ginny, you need to get yourself out. Follow the Chamber, and you'll find Ron. You were brilliant, Fawkes. I just wasn't quick enough… Of course! Phoenix tears have healing powers. Thanks! It's alright, Ginny. It's over. It's just a memory.
Don't worry. My dad will come. He'll conjure the Patronus. Any minute now! Right there! You'll see!
Don't you think it's a bit odd that what Hagrid wants more than anything is a dragon, and a stranger shows up and just happens to have one?  I mean, how many people wander around with dragon eggs in their pockets? Why didn't I see it before? Hagrid, who gave you the dragon egg?  What did he look like?
Don't you turn your back on me Harry Potter I want you to look at me when I kill you, I want to see the lights leave your eyes.
Draco. Look closely, son. If we are the ones to hand Potter over to the Dark Lord... ...everything would be forgiven. All would be as it was, you understand?
Draco's plotting something, I know it, something to do with Voldemort.  He's been given a task or a mission -- and Snape was offering to help.
Dry up, Dursley, you great prune.  Boy, I haven't seen you since you was a baby, Harry, but you're a bit more along than I would have expected. Particularly 'round the middle!
Dudely.  Vernon Dudley.
Dumbledore had a theory.  He felt that the Horcruxes would not be made out of random objects.  And he felt they wouldn't be hidden randomly either.  We know of three so far.  The ring, which according to Dumbledore belonged to Tom Riddle's grandfather.  The diary, which belonged to Tom himself. And this, which -- again, according to Dumbledore -- belonged to his mother.
Dumbledore must know you're here, Harry. Doesn't miss a trick, that man.
Dunno, Harry. Some things are just beyond comprehension.
Essential bit of equipment, Harry.
Everyone here's of age, Potter, and they've all agreed to take the risk.
Exactly how did you get out of the castle, Harry?
Exactly, Harry! Exactly! Which makes you different from Voldemort. It is not our abilities that show what we truly are. It is our choices. If you want proof why you belong in Gryffindor, then I suggest that you look more closely at this. Be careful.
Exactly. Presumably Potter is well prepared by now and could do with a good night's sleep. Go. Now! Longbottom!
Excellent, Harry. Haa! Good work! Well then, I'll just be, ah… There's no need for me to stay.
Excuse me, sir. Where's Professor Lupin?
Excuse me. Could you tell me what's going on here? Are you Tom Riddle?
Expecto Patronum!
Expecto PATRONUM!
Expecto Patronum!
Expecto Patronum! Expecto... Expecto... Expect...
Expecto Patronum.
Fame is a fickle friend, Harry. Celebrity is as celebrity does. Remember that.
Fancy this:  You're not you, so shut it and strip. You'll need to change too, Potter.
Fast and misunderstood beasts, Harry. Fast and misunderstood.
First, and understand this, Harry, 'cause it's very important. Not all wizards are good. Some of them go bad. A few years ago, there was one wizard who went as bad as you can go. And his name was V-...his name was V-...
For myself and a few select members of the staff this comes as little surprise. We have, for some time, considered Mr. Potter's return to Hogwarts to be not only possible but inevitable. Consequently, in the past several months and under my specific direction, exhaustive defensive strategies have been employed to defeat any attempt Mr. Potter might make to breach these walls. But know this. Should anyone -- student or staff -- attempt to aid Mr. Potter, that person will be punished in a manner consistent with the severity of their transgression. Rest assured: So long as I am Headmaster at Hogwarts, Harry Potter will never again step foot in this castle.
For showing unique command of the bubblehead shark. The way I see it, Mr Potter would have finished first had it not been for his determination to rescue not only Mr Weasly but the others as well. We've agreed to award him second place! For outstanding moral fibre.
For you?  You think Madeye died for you?  You think George took that curse for you?  You may be the Chosen One, mate, but this is a whole lot bigger than that.
Forgive me, Harry, I...
Form up! Form up around Harry. Make it snappy! The advanced guard surrounds Harry.
Fortunately, our young Mr. Potter discovered it. One hopes that no more of Lord Voldemort's old school things should find their way into innocent hands. The consequences for the one responsible would be severe.
Friends who don't even write to Harry Potter?
Get Harry to the safe house!
Get in, quick, Harry. Don't touch anything.
Get to the hard part, Hermione.
Ginny-
Ginny! Neville! You alright?
Ginny…
Ginny… Ginny! Oh, Ginny, please don't be dead. Wake up. Wake up! Please, wake up!
Give it here, Malfoy, or I'll knock you off your broom!
Give it here, Malfoy.
Give me Harry Potter. Do this and none shall be harmed. Give me Harry Potter and I shail leave Hogwarts untouched. Give me Harry Potter and you will be rewarded.
Give me the lamp! Dobby stop!
Go on Harry. Harry for goodness sake.
Go, Harry! Go, Harry!
Good afternoon, Harry. Ah. Tokens from your admirers?
Good evening, Harry.  You got my message, I see.  Come, come.  Sit.
Good lord, that was five minutes ago! Come on, Harry!
Good luck today, Potter. Then again, now that you've proven yourself against a troll, a little game of Quidditch should be easy work for you...even if it is against Slytherin.
Good luck, Harry!
Good luck, Harry.
Good luck, Potter.
Good luck...Harry Potter.
Good one, Goyle. You're absolutely right. Saint Potter. And people actually think that he's the Heir of Slytherin!
Good, you can help Harry, then. He's going to go and look in the library for information on Nicholas Flamel.
Great plan, Hermione.
Ha- ha- ha! Ha, ha! Ho, ho, ho! Ha, ha! Harry Potter! Such an honor it is!
Hagrid always wanted a dragon. He told me so the first time I met him.
Hagrid warned me about the dragons.
Hagrid!
Hagrid!
Hagrid!  We've got to help the others!
Hagrid!  You alright?
Hagrid! Haagriid!
Hagrid! Relax. I do not believe that Harry attacked anyone.
Hagrid, are you okay?
Hagrid, Dumbledore --
Hagrid, we know he's after the Stone. We just don't know why.
Hagrid, what happened to you?
Hagrid, what's that?
Hagrid. It'll be fine. It'll be okay.
Hagrid... HAGRID!
Hagrid... HAGRID...!
Hagrid's cabin looks deserted.
Hagrid's my friend! And you framed him, didn't you?
Haha. Bravery. Your parents had it too. Tell me, Harry, would you like to see your mother and father again? Together, we can bring them back.  All I ask for is something in return.  That's it, Harry. There is no good and evil. There is only power, and those too weak to seek it. Together, we'll do extraordinary things. Just give me the stone!
Hang on a minute.  We're forgetting one thing. Who's the one wizard Voldemort always feared? Dumbledore. As long as Dumbledore's around, Harry, you're safe. As long as Dumbledore's around, you can't be touched.
Happy Christmas, Harry.
Happy Christmas, Harry.
Happy Christmas, Harry.
Happy Christmas, Hermione.
Happy Christmas, Ron.  What are you wearing?
Harry --
Harry Dimpleton.  Harry Potter, of course.
Harry get away from there!
'Harry is the best hope we have. Trust him.'
Harry is under the impression that Draco Malfoy is now a Death Eater.
Harry it's a trap. He's the dog. He's an Animagus.
Harry it's his mark.
Harry m'boy!  I was beginning to worry!  And I see we've brought someone with us...
Harry Potter freed Dobby! How can Dobby ever repay him?
Harry Potter must say he's not going back to school!
Harry Potter mustn't be angry with Dobby. Heh- Dobby hoped, if Harry Potter thought his friends had forgotten him, Harry Potter might not want to go back to school, sir.
Harry Potter should have listened to Dobby! Harry Potter should have gone back home when he missed the train.
Harry Potter!
Harry Potter!
Harry Potter!  So long it's been --
Harry Potter, disciplinary hearing.
Harry Potter, we meet again.
Harry Potter, you give me my wand!
Harry Potter.
Harry Potter.
Harry Potter.
Harry Potter.
Harry Potter. Harry Potter?
Harry Potter. The Boy Who Lived. Come to die. Nagini HISSES behind her protective guard of Death Eaters. Harry's gaze shifts to her when Voldemort raises
Harry Potter...
Harry Potter?  Follow me.
Harry talks in his sleep. Haven't you noticed?
Harry wake up! Come on Harry, wake up!
Harry who?
Harry will won't you?
Harry you told me you'd figured the egg out weeks ago. The task is two days from now.
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!
Harry!  Blimey, I forgot what you looked like.  Where's Hermione?
Harry!  Go!  Go!
Harry!  Hagrid!  What happened?! Have you seen the others?
Harry!  Harry!
Harry! Behind you!
Harry! Did you put your name in the goblet of fire?
Harry! Hagrid!
Harry! Harry how good to see you again.
Harry! Harry!
Harry! Harry!
Harry! HARRY!
Harry! Harry! Happy birthday!
Harry! Harry! Harry, open the door! Marge! How lovely to see...
Harry! HARRY!...he's gone...there's nothing you can do...
Harry! Hold on! Take my hand! Hold on!
Harry! I can see you! In here!
Harry! I tried out for Quidditch Keeper at the tryouts! I'm on the team!
Harry! I'd almost forgotten you were here. Standing on the bones of my father. I'd introduce you but word has it you're almost as famous as me these days. The boy who lived. How lies have fed your legend Harry. Shall I reveal what really happened that night thirteen years ago? Shall I divulge how I truly lost my powers? It was love. You see when dear sweet Lily Potter gave her life for her only son she provided the ultimate protection. I could not touch you. It was old magic, something I should have forseen. But no matter, no matter. Things have changed, I can touch you now!
Harry! Run!
Harry! Wait! I need to talk to
Harry! What did you just do?
Harry, are you all right?
Harry, are you alright?
Harry, are you thinking there's a Horcrux in Bellatrix's vault?
Harry, but your dad's... Dead. I know. I'm just telling you what I saw.
Harry, dear, go on upstairs-— quietly, if you please. They're all up there.
Harry, did you ever even open A History of Magic?
Harry, douse the light. We're exposed here.
Harry, Harry, Harry… Can you possibly imagine a better way to serve detention than by helping me to answer my fan mail?
Harry, have you seen this?
Harry, Hermione and I have been thinking. It doesn't really matter if we find the Horcrux.
Harry, Hermione, run! It's the Grim! Harry!
Harry, I don't believe you've met Nymphadora Tonks.
Harry, I don't like this… Harry, I don't like this at all!
Harry, I know what you're thinking, but don't. There's something not quite right about that mirror.
Harry, I must insist you accompany me back to the castle immediately!
Harry, I owe you this explanation, to show you the failings of an old man.
Harry, I really think you should tell--
Harry, I think it's Christmas Eve! Listen...
Harry, I think we should leave.
Harry, if we can't get through, maybe Mum and Dad can't get back!
Harry, I'm not sure about this.
Harry, I've got something that might interest you.
Harry, leave it to us!
Harry, listen to me. No one's coming.
Harry, m'boy!
Harry, no way! You heard what Madam Hooch said! Besides, you don't even know how to fly.  What an idiot.
Harry, no!
Harry, no!
Harry, now you give me those, and I'll get them signed. All of you wait outside. That's it, Ron.
Harry, quickly, in my bag, there's a small bottle labeled 'Essence of Dittany.'
Harry, Ron and I, we've been named House Prefects! She hands Harry a letter.
Harry, she's swallowing her tongue --
Harry, some within the Ministry would strongly discourage me... from divulging what I'm about to reveal to you. But I think that you need to know the facts. You are in danger. Grave danger.
Harry, swear to me that whatever you might hear... you won't go looking for Black.
Harry, tell me again.
Harry, they went the wrong way!
Harry, this man...
Harry, wait! Not so fast!
Harry, we weren't --
Harry, what do we do? Harry...?
Harry, what is it?
Harry, where is she?
Harry, who?
Harry, wonder if I might have a word?
Harry, you can't just disappear. We thought --
Harry, you can't write to him! Owls are being intercepted, it isn't safe.
Harry, you can't.
Harry, you do realize what tree this is?
Harry, you don't have a clue where the next Horcrux is.  And neither do I.  But this, this means something.  I'm sure of it.
Harry, you'd better take her to Professor Grubby-Plank. She'll know what to do.
Harry, your eyesight really is awful.
Harry, you've been let off! That's wonderful!
Harry, you've seen the way that bloodthirsty beast of hers... is always lurking about. And Scabbers is gone.
Harry.
Harry.
Harry.
Harry.
Harry.
Harry.
Harry.  I can imagine why you'd want to go there, but... I don't think Bathilda Bagshot is going to know where Voldemort hid his Horcruxes.
Harry.  It's time.
Harry.  You already destroyed one Horcrux, right?  Tom Riddle's diary -- in the Chamber of Secrets.
Harry.  You know, I went through all this before -- the last time around.  Times like these -- dark times -- do funny things to people.  It can bring them together and it can tear them apart.  Things... speed up.  It's what happens when you don't know if today will be your last.
Harry.  You need a shave, my friend.
Harry. Harry, are you all right?
Harry. I couldn't risk sending Edward. It was since the world cup and the ministry's been intercepting more and more owls and she's too easily recognised. We need to talk Harry. Face to face. Meet me in the Griffindore common room at one o clock this Saturday night and make sure you're alone. P.S....
Harry. It was me- but I swear, I didn't mean to! Riddle made me, and… Harry, you're hurt!
Harry. There you are. You came. Are you sure about this, Harry? You know this is very advanced magic well beyond the Ordinary Wizarding Level.
Harry. You wonderful boy. You brave, brave man. Let us walk.
Harry...
Harry...
Harry... Harry, can you hear me...?
Harry... they've seen you.  We've got to get out of here.
Harry?
Harry?
Harry?
Harry?  Did someone say Harry?
Harry--bloody hell!
Harry's.  Haven't seen him, have you?  Apparently, he's wandering about the house.
Has it occurred to you, Harry, that Snape was simply pretending to offer Draco help so that he could find out what he's up to?
Has this anything to do with Sirius Black, sir?
Hate to break up this scholar session but Professor McGonagall would like to see you in her office. Not you Potter, just Weasly and Granger.
Have you been practicing, Potter?
Having fun, Potter?
He barely taught me, though. I always felt more open to it after the lessons. Like he was trying to open me to Voldemort—-
He changed, Harry.  Years later, it was Dumbledore who put Grindelwald in prison.
He killed my parents, didn't he? The one who gave me this. You know, Hagrid, I know you do.
He loved you, Harry.  I know he loved you.
Hello there, Firenze. I see you've met our young Mr. Potter. You all right there, Harry?
Hello, Harry dear.
Hello, Harry!
Hello, Harry.
Hello, Harry.
Hello, Harry.
Hello, Harry. I saw you coming. I've looked worse, believe me.
Hello, Professor. I didn't see you there. Harry, this is Professor Quirrell. He'll be your Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts.
Here you are Potter. Are you and Miss Patil ready?
Hermione
Hermione of course. Come on Harry, why'd you think she wouldn't tell us who she's coming with?
Hermione!
Hermione!
Hermione! Hermione! Hermione, wait. Hermione, will you please tell me what it is we're doing?
Hermione! She doesn't know!
Hermione! Where are you?!
Hermione!!
Hermione, are you okay?
Hermione, come out. We've got loads to tell you!
Hermione, I don't need to have read A History of Magic to know who Gellert Grindelwald is.
Hermione, is the Room of Requirement unplottable?
Hermione, I've been thinking.  I -- I want to go to Godric's Hollow. It's where I was born, it's where my parents died --
Hermione, move!
Hermione, no!
Hermione, she knew Dumbledore. She might have the sword. Besides, she's barely knee-high to a house-elf.  I think we can overpower her if it turns ugly.
Hermione, what's going on?
Hermione.  His arm --
Hermione.  I appreciate the thought -- honestly.  But given that we were almost killed by a couple of Death Eaters a few minutes ago...
Hermione.  I think Malfoy's leaving the castle.
Hermione.  Where's my wand?
Hermione. Bad dream. When did you get here?
Hermione. You're all right. We're safe. We're all safe.
Hermione...
Hermione...
Hermione? A- are you OK?
Hermione's answered that, too.
He's back, he's back! Voldemort's back. Cedric, he asked me to bring his body back. I couldn't leave him, not there.
He's in trouble. Up at the school, there have been attacks. They think it's Hagrid. They think he opened the Chamber of Secrets, like before.
Hey there. Ron smiles, about to speak, then notices Ginny's eyes have not left Harry. He frowns, speaks to Hermione.
Hey! She's only interested in you because she thinks you're the Chosen One.  You know that, right?
Hey, did you know Voldemort's a half-blood too?
Hey, Hagrid.
Hey, Harry.
Hey, Neville.
Hey, Ron, somebody broke into Gringotts, listen.  Believed to be the work of dark witches or wizards unknown, Gringotts goblins, while acknowledging the breach, insist that nothing was taken. The vault in question, number 713, had in fact been emptied earlier that same day. That's odd. That's the vault Hagrid and I went to.
Hey, well done, Harry, Wood's just told us!
Hiyya, Harry.
Honestly, Hermione, when have any of our plans actually worked? We plan, we get there and all hell breaks loose.
Honestly, Ron, it's not funny. Harry was lucky not to be expelled.
How dare you speak to Harry! How dare you talk about James in front of him!
How does it feel, Harry?  When you see Dean with Ginny? I know, Harry.  You're my best friend.  I see how you look at her.
How extraordinarily like your father you are, Potter. He, too, was exceedingly arrogant, strutting about the castle.
How fast is it, Harry?
How long did you say this batch of Polyjuice Potion would last, Hermione?
How's Voldemort going to like that? You've failed him, and he's not very forgiving, is he?
I agree with Severus. Alastor, keep an eye on Harry will you?
I am not worried, Harry.  I am with you.
I am your friend, Luna.
I asked you why Voldemort tried to kill me.
I believe Voldemort's back because I fought him last year. Dumbledore's already told the school that. If you didn't believe him you won't believe anyone.
I can't always help it, Hermione!
I can't let you out, Hedwig. I'm not allowed to use magic outside of school. Besides, if Uncle Vernon…
I can't stop thinking about her, Harry.
I can't. Only a parent or a guardian can sign. Since I am neither, it would be inappropriate. I'm sorry, Potter. That's my final word.
I daresay I can. And if you actually do attack me with that wand, Harry, I'm afraid to say you will regret it.
I did think of Voldemort at first. But then I remembered that night on the train... and the dementor.
I didn't ask for this to happen Ron. Okay? You're being stupid.
I didn't!  Not like that!  Harry -- I didn't!
I don't care about a bloody wedding -- no matter whose it is. I have to start searching for the Horcruxes.  It's the only chance we have to beat him.  And the longer we wait the stronger he gets.
I don't give a damn what you or your father thinks Malfoy. He's vile and cruel, and you're just pathetic.
I don't have much time Harry so let me get straight to it. Did you or did you not put your name into the goblet of fire?
I don't know if you know, Harry... but when you were born, James and Lily made me your godfather.
I don't know, Harry, but it sounded like you were egging the snake on, or something. Harry, listen to me. There's a reason the symbol of Slytherin House is a serpent. Salazar Slytherin was a Parselmouth. He could talk to snakes, too.
I don't know. Going to Hagrid's?
I don't know. Honestly, Ron. How can somebody be in two places at once?
I don't pretend to be an expert, Harry. But as the dementors seem to have developed a particular interest in you... perhaps I should teach you. But after the holidays. For now, I need to rest.
I fear I may have stolen a wondrous night from you, Harry. She was, truthfully, very pretty. The girl.
I feared that you would make the same mistake I made, that you would be intoxicated by the power the Hallows promise their possessor. But I crave your pardon, Harry. It's clear to me now, as it should have been all along, that you are the better man.
I finished last Hermione.
I grow tired of you continually thwarting my plans, Harry Potter!
I have a hunch. I just hope I'm wrong.
I have just caught Potter trying to communicate with someone in my fire. I need some Veritaserum. Truth syrum.
I have to finish what Dumbledore started. I'm not sure where that will lead me... but I'll let you and Ron konw where I am -- when I can.
I haven't a clue who put your name in that goblet Harry but whoever did it is no friend to you. People die in this tournament.
I heard it first in Lockhart's office. And then again just—
I know I'm not your father, Harry, but I'll always be there for you, if I can help it...
I know who I am, Hermione, alright?
I know you understand why my father did what he did, Harry. That's why we don't need to talk about it.
I know, Harry, I know. I miss them too.
I mean, I'm sure you're tired of it, after all these years.  The questions.  About... Voldemort.
I mean…that was very wrong, indeed, boys. Very wrong of you. Now, Harry, you must know all about Muggles. Tell me, what exactly is the function of a rubber duck?
I miss them, Sirius...
I need a room where twenty-eight people can practice Defense Against the Dark Arts without the teachers knowing. Especially Professor Umbridge.
I never liked these curtains. Set them on fire in my fourth year, by accident of course. I put you in terrible danger this year Harry I'm sorry.
I only have Harry's best interests at heart.
I say if we don't locate Umbridge within the hour, we go find Ron and come back another day.  Deal?
I see them too, Harry.
I see. Well, you can speak Parseltongue, Harry. Why? Because Lord Voldemort can speak Parseltongue. If I'm not mistaken, Harry, he transferred some of his powers to you the night he gave you that scar.
I smell like my great aunt Tessie. Murder me Harry.
I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks.
I think I know a lost cause when I see one.  Regrettable.  I would have considered it a personal triumph had you consented to return to Hogwarts, Horace.  You are, like my friend Mr. Potter -- one of a kind.
I think I'd know if Harry Potter was in my house, wouldn't I?
I think it should be Dumbledore's Army. There is excited agreement. Harry smiles at her.
I think it's unwise for you to linger over these dreams Harry, I think it's best that you simply...
I think we all agree that Mr. Potter's actions were heroic.  The question is:  Why were they necessary.
I told him I'd get him Harry's autograph. Oh look mum's sent me something. Mum sent me a dress??
I trust you with my life, Hagrid. I trust everyone in this room. Understood?
I understand how you feel, Harry--
I used the Stone as well, sir, only a little while ago when I entered the Forest. I saw my mum and dad, and Sirius and Lupin...
I warned you before that one day you would come to a sticky end, Potter.
I went looking for the troll. I'd read about them and thought I could handle it. But I was wrong. If Harry and Ron hadn't come and found me...I'd probably be dead.
I will explain everything, Minister. Just as soon as I return Harry to school.
I will return here later tonight, after I have seen to Harry. It should not take long. He taps the Golden centaur head.
I won't let Sirius die!
I would trust Severus Snape with my life, Harry. You have never recovered from your mistrust of him in your first year.
I'd have thought you could whip up a remedy for this in no time, Harry -- an expert potioneer like you.
If Dumbledore's traveling places, it's news to the Ministry.  But get this:  that night at Borgin & Burkes?  It seems Draco was looking at a Vanishing Cabinet.
If I didn't know better, Draco, I'd say you were scared.
If I might, Headmaster? Perhaps Potter and his friends were simply in the wrong place at the wrong time. However, the circumstances are suspicious. I, for one, don't recall seeing Potter at dinner.
If you want to kill Harry, you'll have to kill us too!
If you would, Harry...
I'll always be here for you, Harry. Now go!
I'll bet you loved that, didn't you, Potter? Famous Harry Potter! Can't even go into a bookshop without making the front page.
I'll deal with you later. Out of my way, Potter! So, it's true-- you have returned!
I'll tell you later.  Let's find Hermione.
I'm a bit preoccupied right now, Luna.
I'm a Potions Professor, Harry. Perhaps your question would best be posed to Professor Snape.
I'm afraid I can't do that, Harry. You see, as poor Ginny grows weaker, I grow stronger. Yes Harry, it was Ginny Weasley who opened the Chamber of Secrets.
I'm afraid that's my doing, Severus. You see, Harry was helping me answer my fan mail.
I'm not coming back, Hermione.
I'm not exactly sure I'm the right person to tell you that, Harry.  Welcome, Harry, to Diagon Alley.  Here's where you'll get your quills and ink, and over there all your bits and bobs for doing your wizardry.
I'm not ready for this Sirius.
I'm sorry, Harry, we can't say anything more.
I'm sorry. I didn't want any of you to die for me. And Remus, your son...
I'm sorry. It's Helena, isn't it? Helena Ravenclaw. Rowena's daughter. Luna told me.
In point of fact, when young Potter met those students it was not illegal.
Is it here, Harry? Can you feel anything?
It can't be- Harry Potter?
It doesn't explain how they knew we were moving Harry tonight.
It is the final burden which I must place on you, Harry.
It is, Harry. Did Dumbledore ever say anything to you, something that might explain why --
It just seems so unlikely, Harry!
It only takes in that which makes it stronger...
It was a different time, Harry. It was one summer.  Dumbledore was young --
It was dark times, Harry, dark times.  Voldemort started to gather some followers, brought 'em over to the dark side. Anyone that stood up to him ended up dead. Your parents fought against him, but nobody lived once he decided to kill 'em.  Nobody...not one. ‘Cept you.
It was Hagrid. Hagrid opened the Chanter of Secrets fifty years ago.
It was in Bathilda's sitting room. Rita Skeeter had sent it to her. Harry, it doesn't make for very nice reading --
It was Malfoy.
It was my dad. My dad conjured the Patronus.
It was you… You stopped the barrier from letting Ron and me through.
It would explain why I thought Malfoy was leaving the castle when he disappeared off the Map.
It's alright Harry. It's alright, he's home, you both are.
It's complicated. Why did Bellatrix Lestrange think it should be in her vault at Gringotts?
It's dangerous, Harry.  But I have to admit, recently even I've been thinking we might have to go.  I think it's possible something else is hidden there. The sword.  If Dumbledore didn't want it falling into the Ministry's hands, but wanted you to find it, what better place to hide it than the birthplace of the founder of Gryffindor himself?
It's fine. Now listen to me, Harry. Keep studying Occlumency! Do everything Professor Snape tells you.
It's just that I had a dream about him. It was in the summer, before school. In the dream I was in a house and Voldemort was there only he wasn't quite human, and Wormtail was there too and Mr Crouch's son.
It's just… You see, sir I- I couldn't help but notice certain things, certain- certain similarities, between Tom Riddle and me.
It's late. It's nearly dark. You shouldn't be here. Someone sees you outside the castle at this time of night, you'll be in trouble. Big trouble. Particularly you, Harry. With you in a moment! Quick. Quick!
It's my fault.  As we were leaving Godric's Hollow, I cast a curse and it rebounded... I'm sorry, Harry, I tried to mend it but wands are different --
It's not a candle I can blow out, Hermione.  It always burns, even if it's just a flicker.  Can you understand that?
It's obvious, isn't it? We've got to play our way across the room. All right. Harry, you take the Bishop's square. Hermione, you'll be the Queen's side castle. As for me, I'll be a knight.
It's okay, Hermione.
It's true then, what they're saying on the train. Harry Potter has come to Hogwarts.  This is Crabbe and Goyle. And I'm Malfoy...Draco Malfoy.  Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask yours. Red hair, and a hand-me-down robe? You must be a Weasley. Well, soon find that some wizarding families are better than others, Potter. Don’t want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there.
It's true, Harry. You possess many of the qualities that Voldemort himself prizes. Determination, resourcefulness, and if I may say so, a certain disregard for the rules. Why then did the Sorting Hat place you in Gryffindor?
It's true. Sirius is innocent.
I've always admired your courage, Harry, but sometimes... you're really thick.
I've asked Sirius about it.
I've been dreaming about that all year, before Voldemort discovered the connection.
I've got you Harry!
I've never put much stock in miracles, Harry. On the other hand, I can attest wholly to the extensive advantages of a related phenomenon.
Just do it. Expecto Patronum! Expecto Patronum!
Just ignore them, Ron!
Keep close, Harry!
Keep your friends close Harry.
Kreacher, I own this place. Sirius left it to me.  Which means I own you too.
Kreacher, where's Sirius?
Let's match the power of Lord Voldemort, Heir of Salazar Slytherin, against the famous Harry Potter. Sethae- He- This. Parseltongue won't save you now, Potter. It only obeys me!
Listen Harry, they've captured Sirius. Any minute the dementors are going to perform the Kiss.
Listen, last night, I'm guessing Snape let the troll in as a diversion so he could try and get past that 3 headed dog. But, he got himself bitten, that's why he's limping.
Listen. Dementors are amongst the foulest creatures to walk this earth. They feed on every good feeling, every happy memory... until a person is left with absolutely nothing but his worst experiences. You are not weak, Harry. The dementors affect you most because there are true horrors in your past. Horrors your classmates can scarcely imagine. You have nothing to be ashamed of.
Lockhart may be useless, but he's going to try and get into the Chamber. At least we can tell him what we know.
Look at that one, Harry!
Look at this! I can't believe it she's done it again. Miss Granger a plain but ambitious girl seems to be developing a taste for famous wizards. Her latest prey sources report is none other than the Bulgarian bon-bon Viktor Krum. No word yet on how Harry Potter's taking this latest emotional blow.
Look Harry, we can do this. The three of us can figure it out.
Look here, you lot! Neville's really got the hang of this one.
Look inside him, Harry.
Look wha' I brough' yeh, Grawpy! Two new friends an' all. We 'ave Harry Potter here, see? An' over here is Hermy.
Look, we have to ask you something. Do you know who's opened the Chamber of Secrets?
Look.  His father's a Death Eater. It only makes sense.  Besides, Hermione saw it.  With her own eyes.
Love, Harry, love.  Ah. Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans. I was most unfortunate in my youth to come across a vomit flavored one, and since then I have lost my liking for them. But I think I could be safe with a nice toffee... Mm. Alas. Earwax.
Lucky Hermione pays attention in Herbology.
Luna -- ?
Luna.
Luna.  How'd you...?
Luna?
Luna's dad was wearing that, at Ron- At Bill and Fleur's wedding.
Mad-Eye reckoned You-Know-Who would expect the real Harry to be with the most skilled Auror.  He knew he'd be in the most danger.
Malfoy provoked us.
Malfoy.
Malfoy.
Malfoy. He called Hermione, …um, well, I don't- I don't know exactly what it means.
Malfoy?
Many of you are surely wondering why I have summoned you here at this hour. It has come to my attention that earlier this evening... Harry Potter was sighted in Hogsmeade.
Maybe we should just stay here, Harry.  Grow old.
Maybe. But we've all got each other, and Harry of course. Soon to be! The youngest! Tri-Wizard champion there's ever been! Hooray!
Me? Books and cleverness? There are more important things. Friendship, and bravery. And Harry, just be careful.
Me? Voldemort tried to kill...me?
Merlin's beard, Harry!
Mr Crouch?
Mr Potter, you have earned yourself a week's worth of detentions!
Mr. Harry Potter!
Mr. Malfoy! Mr. Malfoy! I have something of yours.
Mr. Potter, you have just landed yourself in detention!
Mr. Weasley.
Mr. Weasley... why would I go looking for someone who wants to kill me?
Mr. Weasley's been attacked!
Mr's. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs... are proud to present the Marauder's Map.
Mr's. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs... offer their compliments to Professor Snape and...
Mrs. Weasley!
Mrs. Weasley.
My cousin and I were attacked by Dementors. That's why I had to use the Patronus, to drive them away.
My hands are tied, Potter.
My Patronus is a stag.
Myrtle, there aren't Merpeople in the black lake are there?
Never forget this spell, Neville. It could save your live some day.
Never used an Unforgivable Curse before, have you, Potter? You have to mean it, you have to want to cause the pain in your very soul...
Neville!
Neville! You're doing it again!
Neville, you look...
Neville. No offense, but I really don't care about plants. Now if there's a Tibetan turnip that will allow me to breathe underwater for an hour then great.
Neville...?
Nice big smile, Harry. Together you and I rate the front page! Ladies and gentlemen, what an extraordinary moment this is. When young Harry stepped into Flourish and Blotts this morning to purchase my autobiography, Magical Me,… which, incidentally is currently celebrating its 27th week atop the Daily Prophet bestseller list, he had no idea that he would, in fact, be leaving… with my entire collected works, free of charge. Now, ladies?
Nice face, Potter.
No one was screaming, Harry.
No spell can reawaken the dead Harry I trust you know that. Dark and diffiult times lie ahead. Soon we must all face the choice between what is right what is easy. But remember this, you have friends here. You're not alone.
No thanks, Tom. I'm on official Hogwarts business today. Just helping young Harry here buy his school supplies.
No! Even with a proper wand it's too risky. You could hit Harry!
No, Arthur.  It's a fact.  They're watching you.
No, Colin! Get out of the way! Let's take him to Hagrid's.
No, 'course not.  How are you, Luna?
No, Dobby. Tell me. Who is it?
No, Harry it wasn't him. Somebody did betray your parents... but it was somebody who, until quite recently, I believed to be dead!
No, Harry!  It's a trap!
No, Harry.  I do not pray.  I was merely closing a window -- the one that had allowed us to Apparate.
No, Harry. Even in the wizarding world, hearing voices isn't a good sign.
No, Harry. I do not think it was you… But I must ask you, is there something you wish to tell me?
No, Ron! No!
No, they can't. It's not a very common gift, Harry. This is bad.
No.  He was lowering his wand.  In the end, it was Snape.  It was always Snape.  And I did nothing...
No.  I did not.  You see, Professor Slughorn possesses something I desire very dearly. And he will not part with it easily... I'd rather not divulge any more just yet, Harry.  But I promise. In time you will know everything.
No.  I've got a good feeling about going to Hagrid's.  I feel like it's the place to be tonight, know what I mean?
No. I think I'll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find.  How 'bout up on the roof?  What's the matter, Potter? Bit beyond your reach?
No. Umm.. Voldemort was giving him a job to do. Something important.
No? Blimey, Harry, didn't you ever wonder where your mum and dad learned it all?
Nonsense! Why would Snape put a curse on Harry’s broom?
Nonsense, we'll sort you out.  Any friend of Harry's is a friend of mine.  Right then, books out --
Not kill you, sir, never kill you! Dobby remembers how it was before Harry Potter triumphed over He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. We house elves were treated like vermin, sir. Of course, Dobby is still treated like vermin…uh, huh, huh, huh! Aah, ahh…
Not like Harry's.  I've seen a fair few.  Dad used to bring home the ones the Ministry confiscated from petty thieves and the like. They always got holes or tears. Harry's is different.  It's perfect.
Not only did Black lead You-Know-Who to the Potters that night, but he also killed one of their friends, Peter Pettigrew!
Not really. How come Voldemort wants it?
Not so quick, Potter.
Not to be to be rude or anything, but this isn't a great time for me to have a house elf in my bedroom.
Not to worry, Harry. I will fix that arm of yours straight away.
Now remember, these visits to Hogsmeade village are a privilege. Should your behavior reflect poorly on the school in anyway that privilege shall not be extended again. No permission form signed, no visiting the village. That's the rule, Potter.
Now then. If anyone here has knowledge of Mr. Potter's movements this evening... I invite them to step forward now.
Now you're joking.  I was only wondering when Harry got here.
Now, as I was saying before Mr. Potter interrupted with his antics, your Defense Against the Dark Arts education has been rather fragmented and disjointed in your past classes, hasn't it?
Now, Harry, I find that highly unlikely...
Now, Harry.
Now, Neville, listen. We were
Now, now Draco, play nicely. Mr. Potter… Lucius Malfoy. We meet at last. Forgive me, your scar is legend, as, of course, is the wizard who gave it to you.
Now, what the hell's he doing? Potter!
Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry. But why should that mean that it is not real?
Of course we knew. How could you not be? My perfect sister being who she was. Oh, my mother and father were so proud the day she got her letter. We have a witch in the family. Isn't it wonderful? I was the only one to see her for what she was. A freak! And then she met that Potter, and then she had you, and I knew you'd be just the same, just as strange, just as ... abnormal. And then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up. And we got landed with you.
Of course.  It's only natural that you should want to know more.  I'm afraid I must disappoint you, Harry.  When I first met young Mr. Riddle, he was simply a quiet, albeit brilliant, boy committed to becoming a first-rate wizard.  Not unlike the others I've known.  In fact, not unlike... you.  If the monster existed, it was buried deep within.
Of course. That's why he knew to give you the chocolate, Harry.
'Of the many fearsome beasts that roam our land, none is more deadly than the basilisk. Capable of living for hundreds of years, instant death awaits any who meet this giant serpent's eye. Spiders flee before it.' Ron, this is it. The monster in the Chamber of Secrets is a basilisk. That's why I can hear it speak. It's a snake!
Oh and Harry don't forget. When you're done, just give it a tap and say:
Oh he succeeded.  And not just once.  Think, Harry.  He's just told us.
Oh look, Potter. You've got yourself a girlfriend.
Oh not necessary Harry the minister and I are done. I'll be back in a moment. Minister, after you. Harry do feel free to indulge in a liquorice snack in my absence, but I have to warn you they're a little bit sharp.
Oh, and about time, too. He's been looking dreadful for days. Pity you had to see him on a burning day. Fawkes is a phoenix, Harry. They burst into flame when it is time for them to die, and then they are reborn from the ashes.
Oh, by the way, Harry. Whilst you're here, it would be best if you didn't... wander.
Oh, go on, Harry! If Snape can catch it on that old broomstick, you can! You're the youngest seeker in a century!
Oh, go on, Harry, Quidditch is great. Best game there is! And you'll be great, too!
Oh, Harry! Thank goodness! We'd hoped you'd only gone one grate too far…
Oh, Harry! We've missed you! Are you furious with us, I bet you are!
Oh, I seriously doubt it, Severus. It looks as though it's merely a parchment designed to insult anyone... who tries to read it. I suspect it's a Zonko product. Nevertheless, I shall investigate any hidden qualities it may possess. It is, after all, as you say, my area of expertise. Harry, would you come with me, please? Professor, good night.
Oh, I think you do, sir. I think you slipped the diary into Ginny Weasley's cauldron, that day at Diagon Alley.
Oh, no, Harry.  Your blood is much more precious than mine.
Oh, no, no, no. That was a boggart, Harry. A boggart. The real thing would be worse. Much, much worse. As a matter of interest, what were you thinking? Which memory did you choose?
Oh, well you go first Ron, so that Harry can see how it's done. Yes. In you go… That's it.
Oh, yeah. Um... Well, Harry's got sort of a wonky cross. That's trials and suffering. And that there could be the sun and that's happiness. So... you're gonna suffer, but you're gonna be... happy about it.
Oh.  Potter.
Oh. Go on...on with you.  Oh, listen, Harry, if that dolt of a cousin of yours, Dudley, gives you any grief, you could always, um, threaten him with a nice pair of ears to go with that tail of his.
Okay, go, Harry. Go!
Okay, Luna. Who've you got in mind?
Omigod.  Harry...
On the night Lord Voldemort went to Godric's Hollow to kill Harry, and Lily Potter cast herself between them, the curse rebounded. When that happened, a part of Lord Voldemort's soul latched itself onto the only living thing it could find: Harry himself.
On your broom, Harry.
One pair of dragon-hide gloves.  Hagrid, do they mean for a real dragon?
Only a person for whom the prophesy was made can remove it from its self, Potter, and the Dark Lord certainly couldn't get it himself.
Only I can kill him.  But in order to do so, I need to know what Tom Riddle asked you that night in your office all those years ago. And I need to know what you told him.
Ow! Hagrid!
Pity. Clearly, fame isn't everything...  is it, Mr. Potter?
Platform 9¾? But, Hagrid, there must be a mistake. This says Platform 9¾. There's no such thing...is there?
Please sit, Harry.
Poor Professor Lupin's having a really tough night. Sirius! Come on!
Positive. Harry turns to the two wands on the table -- the ones he showed Ollivander -- and extends the longest to Hermione.
Potentially problematic? When was the last time you held your breath under the water for an hour Hermione?
Potter!
Potter!
Potter!
Potter!
Potter! Harry turns. Draco's hand whips forward and -- to Harry's shock -- tosses him his wand. Ron GRINS.
Potter! What's your hurry? Congratulations, your performance in the black lake was inspiring. Gilliweed, am I correct?
Potter, getting yourself killed won't do a thing. Now move!
Potter, if I want nonsense shouted at me, I shall inform you. He sweeps from the office. Umbridge is enraged.
Potter, in light of what's happened... should you feel the need to talk to someone...
Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood, I have found you a Seeker!
Potter, you're underage, which means you've still got the Trace on you.
Potter.
Potter. Is it true you fainted? I mean, you actually fainted?
Potter. What are you doing wandering the corridors at night?
Prepare for descent! Form up around Harry!
Probably. Mr. Weasley was probably there when he was attacked, too. That must be what the Order's guarding!
Problem, Potter?
Professor Dumbledore, sir! Wait! Listen! Professor Dumbledore, sir, it wasn't Harry!
Professor Dumbledore. Professor McGonagall.
Professor, when I was in the graveyard there was a moment... um... when Voldemort's wand and mine sort of connected.
Pssst! Harry? Is that you?
Put an end to it. Don't let Potter compete.
Put you over here, just behind the wing joint. Don't pull out any of his feathers, because he won't thank you for that. Well done, Harry, and well done, Buckbeak.
Quick thinking on your part, Harry.  Using a Bezoar.  You must be very proud of your student, eh, Horace?
Quiet, Harry!
Quiet. Let the man through. I didn't mean to open it, Harry. It was badly wrapped. They made me do it.
Ravenclaw Common Room. Got to start somewhere. Hermione nods, slips the Map in her beaded bag and she and Ron head off. Just before they turn the corner, Ron looks back, holds Harry's glance briefly... and then is
Realized what, Potter?
Really, Potter. You expect to defeat all of us with your little school friends? Now hand it over, and they won't have to die here.
Remarkable isn't it, how quickly the venom of the basilisk penetrates the body? I'd guess you have little more than a minute to live. You'll be with your dear Mudblood mother soon, Harry. Funny, the damage a silly little book can do… especially in the hands of a silly, little girl. What are you doing? Stop! No! Ahhhh! Ahhhh! Ahhhh!
Right then.  We'll be pairing off. Each Potter will have a protector. As for you, Harry...
Right, Harry, this way.
Right.  I'm going down to Hagrid's.
Right. Here we are Harry, you go first dear.
Ron was here?
Ron was here? Is he all right? What about Hermione?
Ron!
Ron!
Ron!  Harry!  Take my hand!
RON!  NO! Don't move! Dont forget, we're still playing.  Checkmate.  Take care of Ron. Then, go to the owlery. Send a message to Dumbledore. Ron's right...I have to go on.
Ron!  Ron!!!  Professor, help him!
Ron! Fred. George. What are you all doing here?
Ron! Ron! Ron! Ron! Come on! Move!
Ron! Ron, are you ok?
Ron! Ron, wait! Harry!
Ron! You've really got to see this! Ron! You've got to see this!  Ron, Ron, come on. Get out of bed!
Ron, are you okay?
Ron, Harry, Hermione are you alright?
Ron, I should tell you, most Muggles aren't accustomed to seeing a flying car.
Ron, it's me.
Ron, look! Sorry, sorry. Excuse me, excuse me, sorry. Harry, what happened?
Ron, maybe I should do it?
Ron, these chocolates, they're -- C'mon.  I'm going to introduce you to Romilda Vane.
Ron, this is why Hermione was in the Library the day she was attacked. Come on!
Ron, you once asked me if I thought he felt it -- Voldemort -- when we destroy a Horcrux, when we destroy a piece of his soul.
Ron.  Don't listen to it!
Ron.  It lies!  Stab it!  STAB IT!
Ron.  Stab it!
Ron.  You don't have a wife.
Ron? Harry?
Ron's been coming here since he was two years old.  It's us you should be worrying about.
Ron's right, Harry. You're gonna need your strength today.
Say something. Harry, say something in Parseltongue!
Scared, Potter?
Scared, Potter?!  Did you hear that? Come on, Fang. Scared.
See you, Hedwig. So, a house elf shows up in my bedroom, we can't get through the barrier to platform nine and three-quarters, we almost get killed by a tree… clearly someone doesn't want me here this year.
See, Harry, you're famous!
See, the thing is, Harry, there're some wizards, like the Malfoy family, who think they're better'n everyone else because they're what people call “pure blood.”
She was quite right, Harry. Kreacher is what wizards have made him. He is to be pitied, not hated.
She went down to the courtrooms with Umbridge --
She's cold as ice. Ginny, please don't be dead. Wake up! You've got to help me, Tom. There's a basilisk.
Show me. Give it to him, Ron.
Shut up, Malfoy.
Shut up, Potter! Now talk, you silly girl! Who were you talking to?
Silence, Wood. You and your teammates will go to Gryffindor Tower, now. Potter, you and I will find Mr. Weasley. There's something the both of you have to see.
Silence.  And put her hand down, you silly girl.  For your information, Potter... asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful, it is known as the Draught of Living Death. A bezoar is a stone taken from the stomach of a goat and it will save you from most poisons. As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of aconite.  Well?  Why aren't you all copying this down?  And Gryffindors, note that five points, will be taken from your house... for your classmate's cheek.
Since I had received information some time ago that Potter and a number of other students had met in the Hog's Head to start an illegal group--
Sir, Mr Crouch's son, what happened to him?
Sir, my mother's Patronus. It was a doe, wasn't it? Just like Professor Snape's. Curious, don't you think?
Sirius Black, you mean? But what's he got to do with me?
Sirius didn't trust him. Didn't believe he'd really turned to our side...
Sirius gave it to me. He had a matching piece. He said if I ever needed him, all I had to do was look into it.
Sirius hated him.
Sirius!
Sirius! Lupin? Hello?
Sirius! No. Sirius! Expecto Patronum!
Sirius...yeah...
Sirius?
Sirius?
Sirius?! How...
Sit, Potter.
Sit. Listen to me Potter. Your pal Diggory, by your age he could take a whistle into a watch and have it sing you the time. Miss Delacour, she's as much a fairy princess as I am. As for Krum, his head may be filled with sawdust but Karkaroff's is NOT. They'll have a strategy, and you can bet that it'll play to Krum's strengths. Hmm? Come on Potter. What are your strengths?
Snape knows. He knows that Harry was spotted in Hogsmeade.
Snape was trying to save me?
Snape? Blimey, Harry, you're not still on about him, are you?
Snape's already been here. He's put a spell on the harp.
So all in favor of taking lessons from Harry?
So, Potter. Give us the Prophesy or I'll see how long it takes to crack Longbottom like his parents.
So...congratulations Ron, Hermione...
Someone has taken a BITE out of it. Thank you, Adrian! One of mine.  Class of '78.  I had hoped for more out of him, but at least the pictures are in focus. Oh my!  Excuse me, Harry.  I must greet the new Minister of Magical Transportation.  Class of '67. Mingle, m'boy!  Mingle!  We're all friends here.  And we run the world.
Someone here does. Everyone looks at her. She is staring directly at Harry.
Sorry I made you miss the carriages, Luna.
Sorry I'm late! The owl that delivered my release papers got all lost and confused. Some ruddy bird called Errol. And I'd just like to say that aif it hadn't been for you, Harry, and Ron, and Hermione, o' course, I woulduh- I'd still be you-know-where, so I- I'd just like to say 'Thanks.'
Sorry we haven't written, Harry, but Dumbledore made us promise not to.
Sorry, Harry.  Looks like it's Hermione and me this time.
Speak for yourself. All right there, Harry?
Stab it, Ron.  Now.
Stay here, Harry.
Stay where you are, Harry!
Stop! Drop your wands. I said, drop them! Pick them up, Draco, now. Well, well, well, look what we have here. It's Harry Potter. He's all bright and shiny and new again, just in time for the Dark Lord. Call him. Call him.
Stop! Stop, Dobby. Please be quiet! Are you all right?
Stop, Dobby!
Stop, Harry, I know where you're going with this --
Stop, Neville!
Such a beautiful place... ...to be with friends. Dobby is happy to be with his friend... ...Harry Potter.
Surely you jest, Potter?
Take the youngest girl. We'll see how committed Potter is as we torture her.
Take your time, Harry. We'll be here when you are.
Tell me, Hermione.  Who is he?
Ten points from Gryffindor, Mr. Potter. Let me set the record straight.
Thank you for that assessment, Mr. Weasley. Perhaps if I were to transfigure Mr. Potter and yourself into a pocketwatch, that way one of you might be on time.
Thanks, Hagrid.
Thanks, Hermione.
Thanks, Ron.
That even though we've got a fight ahead of us we've got one thing that Voldemort doesn't have.
That remains to be seen. I have just now confiscated a rather curious artifact from Mr. Potter. Take a look, Lupin. Supposed to be your area of expertise. Clearly, it's full of dark magic.
That was no stranger Hagrid met in the village. It was Snape, which means he knows how to get past Fluffy.
That was wicked, Harry!
That, Ron, is a hippogriff. First thing you wanna know about hippogriffs is that they're very proud creatures. Very easily offended. You do not want to insult a hippogriff. It may just be the last thing you ever do. Now, who'd like to come and say hello? Well done, Harry. Well done. Come on now. Now... you have to let him make the first move. It's only polite. So... step up. Give him a nice bow. Then you wait and see if he bows back. If he does, you can go and touch him. If not... Well, we'll get to that later. Just make your bow. Nice and low. Back off, Harry. Back off. Keep still. Keep still. Well done, Harry. Well done. Here, you big brute, you. Right. I think you can go and pat him now. Go on. Don't be shy. Nice and slow, now. Nice and slow. Slow. Not so fast, Harry. Slow down, Harry. That's it... Nice and slow. Now let him come to you. Slowly, now, slowly, slowly... That's it... Yes! Well done! Well done, Harry, well done! I think he may let you ride him now.
That's a very serious accusation, Potter.
That's brilliant, Dobby!
That's enough for tonight, Potter. Let's see that hand.
That's how Voldemort got in unnoticed.
That's me! Only, I'm head boy...and I'm holding the Quidditch cup! And bloody hell, I'm Quidditch Captain too! I look good. Harry, do you think this mirror shows the future?
That's Moody, but then who's...?
That's not good. Ron, run!
Thats not just any broomstick, Harry.  It's a Nimbus 2000!
That's not really your concern, is it, Potter? Suffice it to say your professor finds himself incapable of teaching... at the present time. Turn to page 394.
That's what the dog's guarding. That's what Snape wants.
The adventure ends here, boys. But don't fret. The world will know our story. How I was too late to save the girl. How you two tragically lost your minds at the sight of her mangled body. So, you first, Mr. Potter. Say good-bye to your memories. Obliviate!
The Dark Lord knows your weakness for heroics, Potter. All it took was a little nudge to get you here.
The day I was at Gringotts, Hagrid took something out of one of the vaults. He said it was Hogwarts' business, very secret.
The Leaky Cauldron. That's in London.
The list is wrong.  I told you who I am --
The Map is never wrong.
The monster had killed somebody, Ron. What would any of us have done?
The place to which we journey tonight is exceedingly dangerous, Harry.  I promised that you could accompany me and I stand by that promise.  But there is a condition:  You must obey any command I give you -- without question.
The real Harry!  Where the devil are you, anyway?
The rules are absolute, the goblet of fire constitutes a binding magical contract. Mr Potter has no choice, he is as of tonight... a tri-wizards champion.
The very first time I saw you, Harry, I recognized you immediately. Not by your scar, by your eyes. They're your mother, Lily's. Yes. Oh, yes. I knew her. Your mother was there for me at a time when no one else was. Not only was she a singularly gifted witch... she was also an uncommonly kind woman. She had a way of seeing the beauty in others... even, and perhaps most especially, when that person could not see it in themselves. And your father, James, on the other hand... he... He had a certain, shall we say, talent for trouble. A talent, rumor has it, he passed on to you. You're more like them than you know, Harry. In time, you'll come to see just how much.
The wizard family Dobby serves, sir. Dobby is bound to serve one family forever. If they ever knew Dobby was here…ooh… But Dobby had to come. Dobby has to protect Harry Potter- to warn him. Harry Potter must not go back to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this year! There is a plot, a plot to make most terrible things happen.
Then I suggest you take extra care, Mr. Potter. Loss of limb will not excuse you. Page 394. The term werewolf... is a contraction of the Anglo-Saxon word were... which means man, and wolf. Werewolf, man-wolf. There are several ways to become a werewolf. They include being given the power of shape-shifting... being bitten by a werewolf...
Then, Dobby must do it, sir, for Harry Potter's own good.
There are many things in the Department of Mysteries, Potter, none of which concern you.
There is no shame in feeling pain, Harry. It is your greatest strength...
There isn't anyone else, Hermione! Everyone from the Order is gone!
There we are, Potter.  To life!
There will be no foolish wand waving or silly incantations in this class. As such, I don't expect many of you to appreciate the subtle science and exact art that is potion making. However, for those select few...  who possess the predisposition, I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I can tell you how to bottle fame, brew glory and even put a stopper...  in death.  Then again, maybe some of you have come to Hogwarts in possession of abilities so formidable that you feel confidant enough to not...pay...attention.  Mr. Potter. Our...new...celebrity. Tell me, what would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?  You don't know? Well, let's try again. Where, Mr. Potter, would you look if I asked you to find me a bezoar?
There will come a time when Harry Potter must be told something. But you must wait until Voldemort is at his most vulnerable.
There you are, Harry, in you go...good luck...
There you are, Potter!
There's a reason Harry can speak with snakes. There's a reason he can look into Lord Voldemort's mind. A part of Lord Voldemort lives inside him.
There's no one here, Harry. This isn't the right room.
There's nothing there, Harry.
There's something wrong with him. In the past, I could always follow his thoughts. Now everything feels disconnected.
These girls are gonna kill me, Harry.
They'll have to let you off, Harry... You were defending
They're goblins, Harry. Clever as they come goblins, but not the most friendly of beasts. Best stick close to me.  Mr. Harry Potter wishes to make a withdrawal.
They've kidnapped Luna because he supported me.  He was just desperate.
Think, Harry! Voldemort knows you! He knows you'd rush off to save Sirius.
This is a false trail.  The Auror Office no longer plays any part in the protection of Harry Potter. Those closest to him believe we have infiltrated the Ministry.
This is a Time-Turner, Harry. McGonagall gave it to me first term. This is how I've been getting to my lessons all year.
This is him, Hermione.  The one I saw in Gregorovitch's wandshop. The thief.  Miss Bagshot, who is he?
This is it. This is it, Ron. I think this is the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets.
This is it. This is where Sirius is!
This is out of my hands, Potter.
This is the place.  Oh yes, this place has known magic. Where you stand, Harry, Tom Riddle once stood many, many years ago, when he was but a poor orphan boy with a penchant for cruelty...
This is where they died, Hermione. This is where he murdered them.
This memory is everything, Harry. Without it, we are blind. Without it, we leave the fate of our world to chance.  You have no choice. You must not fail.
This one's name is Rowle.  He was on the Astronomy Tower the night Snape killed Dumbledore.
This pain is part of being human, Harry...
This, sir? It is a mark of the house-elves' enslavement. Dobby can only be freed if his master presents him with clothes. Ah! Listen. Listen! Terrible things are about to happen at Hogwarts. Harry Potter must not stay here, now that history is to repeat itself.
This: Sirius Black was... and remains to this day... Harry Potter's godfather!
Through the front doors, sir.  I'm off to Hagrid's, you see.  He's a very dear friend and I felt like paying him a visit.  So if you don't mind, I'll be going.
Through the front doors.
To Harry!  It belongs to Harry! It chose him!  It came to him in the Chamber of Secrets when he most needed it!
To the Dark Lord.  I know I will be dead long before you read this... I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it...
Tom Riddle --
Tom Riddle's diary --
Tom. Tom Riddle! What do you mean, 'she won't wake?' She's not…?
Tonks, would you go get Harry's broom from the house?
Too much... I can't... take it... I want... to die... kill... kill me... KILL ME, HARRY!
Tossed it at Neville once when he was snoring -- might've popped open.
Training for the ballet, Potter?
Uh, Hagrid, what exactly are these things?
Uh, Hagrid, what exactly is that?
Uh...same to you, Luna.
Uh… Harry?
Um, sorry, sir, but I haven't got my book yet -- nor's Ron.  You see --
Umm... no one blames you, Harry. The dementors aren't supposed to come inside the grounds. Dumbledore's furious. As soon as he saved you, he sent them off.
Uncle Vernon, I need you to sign this form.
Up! Up! Ron! Mind that tree!
Up!!  Ooh!  Shut up, Harry.
Very brave of you, Potter. Or are you foolish?
Very well, Potter. I have been patient enough with you.
Very well. Kill him. But wait one more minute. Harry has the right to know why.
Voldemort can read minds?
Voldemort killed my parents. He was nothing more than a murderer.
Voldemort transferred some of his powers… to me?
Voldemort! He's got Sirius! In the Department of Mysteries!
Voldemort.
Voldemort.
Voldemort.
Voldemort?
Voldemort's broken into the Department of Mysteries. He's got Sirius there!
Voldemort's got the Elder Wand.
W- what's that you've got, Hagrid?
Wait! What about Malfoy and Blaise!
Wait, where was Sirius when I tried to contact him?
Wake up, Potter. Wake up. Please...
Wand out, Harry.
Wand out, Potter.
We didn't celebrate your birthday, Harry.  Ginny and I -- we'd prepared a cake.  We were going to bring it out at the end of the wedding...
We don't have him, if that's what you mean. Harry is stunned.
We got Potter! We got Potter!
We got Potter! We got Potter!
We have to tell her, Harry...
We heard Harry yelling. What's up?
We knew you wouldn't die Harry.
We know one thing. Hagrid never opened the Chamber of Secrets. He was innocent.
We know you were looking for giants, Hagrid. Dumbledore said so last year.
We must be ready. This would be the perfect moment for Voldemort to strike Harry.
We need to get out of here. Luna, can you help Ginny?
We think Snape's trying to steal it.
We were friendly, not close like Harry, but --
Weasley's wand causes devastation with the simplest spells. We'll be sending Potter to the hospital wing in a matchbox. Might I suggest someone from my own house? Malfoy, perhaps?
Welcome to the charming village of Budleigh Babberton, Harry.  I assume right about now you're wondering why I've brought you here, am I right?
Well done, Neville!
Well done. Let's find Ron and get out of here.
Well Peter Pettigrew tried to warn the Potters... and might have managed to, had he not run into an old friend, Sirius Black.
We'll talk later, Luna.
Well that makes you sight better than Ron and Hermione. Where are they anyway?
Well that's completely off the point. Harry...
Well you can tell Ronald...
Well, come on Harry, in we go.
Well, come on, Harry. Time to go.
Well, Harry, shall we start on Snape's report?
Well, just Harry. Did you ever make anything happen? Anything you couldn't explain when you were angry or scared?  Ah.
Well, let us hope that Mr. Potter will always be around to save the day.
Well, maybe Ron's right, Hermione. I mean, look at his family. The whole lot of them have been in Slytherin for centuries.
Well, Potter has had some kind of nightmare...
Well, thanks Luna.
Well, there's no Hogwarts without you, Hagrid.
Well, there's your money, Harry.  Gringotts, the Wizard Bank. T'aint no place safer, 'cept perhaps Hogwarts.
Well, well, if it isn't Patronus Potter.
Well, well, what brings you here, Potter? Harry looks slowly over his shoulder. Draco -- Blaise and Goyle at his side -- steps INTO VIEW, his face bisected by light. He holds a wand on Harry.
Well, you could bring people back, couldn't you?  Mad-Eye. Dumbledore.  Sirius.  Anybody.
Well, you'd best hope that I don't put bars on your window, Ronald Weasley! Come on Harry, time for a spot of breakfast. Here we are Harry. Now tuck in! That's it. There we go.
Well. Now years ago, when Harry Potter's parents realized they were marked for death... You remember? They went into hiding. Few knew where they were. One who did was Sirius Black. And he told You-Know-Who!
We're friends of Hagrid's. And you? Y- y-you're Aragog aren't you?
We're going to see the Headmaster, Potter.
We're young, Hermione.  And here we are, risking our lives to fight against the very thing Dumbledore supported.
We're your advanced guard, Harry. Dumbledore just sent us as soon as he heard about the attack. We're taking you to safety. We're just waiting for the all clear.
We've all made sacrifices, Harry.
We've got to talk to Hagrid, Ron. I can't believe it's him, but if he did set the monster loose last time, he'll know how to get inside the Chamber of Secrets, and that's a start.
We've played nicely, Potter. You
What about Lord Voldemort?
What about Potter? Should he be warned?
What about you, Harry?
What are you talking about, Harry? I think we're getting a bit a- drowsy. And, Great Scott- no wonder! Look at the time! We've been here nearly four hours! Spooky how the time flies when one's having fun. Heh, heh.
What creature sat in the corner the first time that Harry Potter visited my office at Hogwarts!
What do you know about Sirius Black, Harry?
What do you want to know, Harry?
What else? I ran for it. I'm not cut out for this Harry. I don't know what got into me.
What if he chose wrong?
What is it, Dobby.
What is it, Harry? What is it you
What just happened? Where's Ron?
What now, Harry?
What would we do without you, Hermione?
What?  No, Harry -- you've got to go see Slughorn.  We have a plan --
What?  No.  Harry.  That thing's bad for me.  I can't handle it. I'm not making excuses for how I acted, but that thing affects me more than it affects you and Hermione.  It made me think stuff -- stuff I was thinking anyway, but it made everything worse.
What'd you think, Harry?
What're you looking at?  Blimey, is that the time? Sorry, Harry, I'm gonna have to leave you. Dumbledore'll be wanting his- well, he'll be wanting to see me. Now, uh, your train leaves in 10 minutes. Here's your ticket.  Stick to it, Harry that's very important. Stick to your ticket.
What's going on with Harry's broomstick?
What's he talking about, Harry?
What's in there, Hagrid?
What's with the flower? Hagrid have you combed your hair?
What's wrong with the one you have?
What's wrong, Harry?
When he killed Snape, he thought the wand would become his. But the thing is... it never belonged to Snape.
When you told Professor Snape it was failing you. It will always fail you.
Where are we going, Hermione?
Where have you been? Harry, how wonderful to see you dear. Beds empty! No note! Car gone! You could have died! You could have been seen! Of course, I don't blame you, Harry dear.
Where's Harry?
Where's Hermione?
Where's Sirius?
Where's Voldemort? What's he doing?
Where've you been, Harry?  And what happened to your face?
Who could look at you beside Harry Potter?  What are you, compared with the Chosen One...?
Who is he, Hermione?  The thief? Did Dumbledore know him?
Whoa. Harry, you never told me your father was a Seeker, too.
Why do you care how I escaped? Voldemort was after your time.
Why do you look so miserable, Harry?
Why do you wear that thing Dobby?
Why don't you help Potter put his books back.
Why so tense Potter? My father and I have a bet you see. I don't think you're gonna last ten minutes in this tournament. He disagrees. He thinks you won't last
Why the Stone, Harry?
Why'd they have to die, Sirius, why?
Wish you were here Hermione. We need you… now, more than ever.
Yeah I brought the cloak. Hagrid where are we going?
Yeah that's me, Ron Weasley... Harry Potter's stupid friend.
Yeah. Funny. Listen, Luna, about your father, I don't want you to think I --
Yeah. Hermione?
Yeah...just...my scar...the pain is getting stronger.
Yer a mess, Harry. Skulkin' 'round Knockturn Alley? Dodgy place! Don' want no one ter see you there. People'll think you were up to no good.
Yes! Well done, Harry. Well done!
Yes, and you must! Harry, you're in Hagrid's hut now. If you just go bursting in, you'll think you've gone mad. Awful things happen to wizards who meddle with time. We can't be seen.
Yes, Aunt Petunia.
Yes, I think you might be right, Potter. She looks at Harry.
Yes, indeed, Mr. Potter.
Yes, Potter, the process is nearly complete. In a few minutes Ginny will be dead, and I will cease to be a memory. Lord Voldemort will return- very… much… alive!
Yes, shut up, Potter. So, you'll be coming with us to the Ministry--
Yes, they can, Harry.
Yes, Uncle Vernon.
Yes. It's just a dream. Look Harry, the deatheaters at the world cup, your name rising from that goblet these are not just coincidences. Hogwarts isn't safe any more.
Yes. Sirius Black may not have put his hands to the Potters, but he's the reason they're dead.
Yes. Sit down. Here. Eat this, it helps. It really helps. And just so you know, Harry... I think you'd have given your father a run for his money. And that... is saying something.
Yes. That ain't no ordinary cut on your forehead, Harry. A mark like that only comes from being touched by a curse...and an evil curse at that.
Yes...and no. It shows us nothing more or less than the deepest, most desperate desires of our hearts. Now you, who have never known your family, you see them standing beside you. But remember this, Harry. This mirror gives us neither knowledge or truth. Men have wasted away in front of it, even gone mad. That is why tomorrow it will be moved to a new home, and I must ask you not to go looking for it again. It does not do to dwell on dreams, Harry, and forget to live.
Yes???!!!! Oh.  Potter.  It's you.  I'm afraid I'm busy at the moment --
You -- complete -- arse -- Ronald -- Weasley!  You crawl back here after all these weeks and say, 'Hey?' Where's my wand?  Harry, where's my wand!
You all right, Harry?
You all right, Harry? You seem very quiet.
You and Mr. Potter will take me to it.
You are talented, famous and powerful -- everything Horace values.  Professor Slughorn is going to try to collect you, Harry.  You would be his crowning jewel.  That is why he is returning to Hogwarts.  And it is crucial he return...
You are the worthy possessor of the Hallows, Harry, not me. I was fit to own the Elder Wand, because I took it not for gain, but to save others from it. But I took the Stone because I longed to recall someone who has long been at peace and for that I paid with my life.
You are!  People are disappearing, Harry.  Daily.  We can only put our trust in a handful of people. If we start fighting amongst ourselves, we're doomed.
You can give that to Hermione to hold, all right, Griphook?
You can't let him in, Harry. Dumbledore himself said it.  You have to close your mind.  It's too dangerous --
You can't stop me, Potter!
You dare use my own spells against me, Potter?
You didn't bring Professor Slughorn back simply to teach Potions, did you, sir?
You don't honestly think you can find all those Horcruxes by yourself, do you? You need us, Harry.
You dreamed this, Potter?
You forget that Sirius was my friend too. You are not the only person on this earth capable of feelings, Harry.
You had better not, Potter, or you will experience a pain so horrible you will wish you had never been born!
You have to realize who you are, Harry.
You heard Ollivander. It's Harry's now.
You heard what Hagrid said
You knew him, didn't you, sir? Tom Riddle.  You were his teacher.
You know, Weasley, it's really too bad Potter saved you from the Chamber of Secrets.
You let him in! Harry, you can't --
You nearly got Ron and me expelled!
You remember the condition on which I brought you with me? This potion might paralyze me.  It might cause me to forget why I'm here.  It might create so much pain I beg for relief.  You are not to indulge these requests, Harry.  It is your job to make sure I keep drinking this potion even if you have to force it down my throat.  Understood?
You said Professor Slughorn would try to collect me.
You see Sirius talking to me there? He's asking me to come live with him.
You shall not harm Harry Potter!
You shouldn't have done it, Harry.
You sneeze and the Ministry will know who wipes your nose.  Point is, we have to use those means of transport the Trace can't detect: brooms, thestrals and the like. We'll go in pairs.  That way if anyone's out there waiting for us -- and I reckon there will be -- they won't know which Harry Potter is the real one.
You surprise me, Harry. I figured the first thing you'd do is start asking about Voldemort.
You tell those spiders Ron.
You understand right, Harry. Once I make my move, the Queen will take me...then you'll be free to check the King.
You wait here and try and shift some of this rock so we can get back through. I'll go on and find Ginny!
You were right, Hermione. It wasn't my dad I saw earlier. It was me! I saw myself conjuring the Patronus before. I knew I could do it this time because... well, I had already done it. Does that make sense?
You were the seventh Horcrux, Harry
You will have to forgive me, Harry. You see... I didn't trust
You won because I made it so Potter. You ended up in that graveyard tonight because it was meant to be so. And now the deed is done. The blood that runs through these veins runs within the dark lord. Imagine how he will reward me when he learns that I have once and for all silenced the great Harry Potter.
You! You're the Heir of Slytherin. You're Voldemort.
You... just... know.  Once again you astonish with your gifts, Potter, gifts mere mortals could only dream of possessing.  How grand it must be to be the Chosen One.
You?  No. I-it can’t be. Snape, h-he was the one—-
You'd better clear off before my bones come back, Dobby, or I might strangle you!
You'll be all right now then, Harry? Right. I'll leave you to it, then.
You'll be okay, Harry. You're a great wizard, you really are.
You'll never catch me, Potter!
You'll not be going back to Little Whinging tonight, Harry.
Your arm Harry.
Your father never set much store by the rules either. But he and your mother gave their lives to save yours. Gambling their sacrifice by wandering around the castle unprotected... with a killer on the loose seems to me a poor way to repay them! Now, I will not cover up for you again, Harry. Do you hear me?
Your parents were meddlesome fools, too. You mark my words, Potter, one day soon you are going to meet the same sticky end!
Your race is run, Potter. Hand it over.
Your wand harry! Your wand!
Your word, Harry!  Your word!
Your word, Harry.
You're a wizard, Harry.
You're bleeding, Harry. That's a curious thing to keep in your sock.
You're brilliant, Hermione. Truly.
You're dying... both of you. Harry!
You're going to be doing lines, tonight, Mr. Potter, and you'll be using this quill.
You're lying.  And one mustn't tell lies, Dolores... Stupefy!
You're sure about this Neville.
You're sure this happened, Potter?
You're the Chosen One, Harry.  And Horace is, at heart, a decent man. Provide the proper circumstances and he will confess his sins.
You're the important one, now, Harry. I have to help the Order.
You're wrong!
You're wrong.
